todo.md, before:

ToDo
----
- [x] Create a new paint session with it's own socket.io room
- [x] Broadcast move and draw events to room
- [x] Save server layer image data on draw events
- [x] Make move events volatile (lossy)
- [x] Join a second client to an existing paint session
- [x] Allow setting user nickname
- [x] Allow a user to be in multiple paint sessions at the same time (vs one per browser session)
- [x] Use pushstate or fragments(#) to make url sharable
- [x] Switch to loading client dependencies via Bower
- [x] Add color picker
- [x] Have server honor remote color selections
- [x] Support multi-touch (iPad)
- [b] Support SmartBoard multi-touch (blocked on WDK touch event bugs)
- [x] Support joining with QR registration
- [*] Investigate OAuth login for users
- [ ] Add thickness selector
- [ ] Allow adding secondary layers
- [ ] Supprt image upload layer
- [ ] Support saving as image
- [ ] Support saving to database (preserving layers)
- [ ] Support attaching to Rally story as flattened image
- [ ] Support saving to google drive (like conceptboard.com)
- [ ] Fix page layout by moving to fixed initial size + expand buttons
	- [ ] Optimize canvas -> window position calculation)
- [ ] Support Leap multi-touch
- [ ] Better support window resizing
- [ ] Rework to use optimistic drawing (draw immediately, don't wait on roundtrip)
- [ ]		Allow server to undo invalid edits somehow (maybe just forbid on client, monkeying just means it won't be saved?)
- [ ] Support a vector layer
- [ ] Support creating a library of templates (both page-level and component/stamp-level)
- [ ] Handle clean-up of disconnected users' layers?  Allow reattach?
- [ ] Add different interactions for different screen sizes
	- [ ] Maybe show rectangle of visible/editable area in this mode, 2-finger pan?
	- [ ] 3-finger pan for larger screens that would still want 2 finger multi-touch?
- [ ] Support windows 8 touch w/ pressure sensitivity
- [ ] Support Chromecast (https://developers.google.com/cast/)
- [ ] Support gamepad (http://www.gamepadjs.com/)
- [ ] Refactor to editors vs users concept (a single user can be multiple editors with different colors)
- [ ] Support avatar customization?  Gravatar?
- [ ] Display user presence in top corner like google docs
- [ ] Have browser windowClose fire disconnect (maybe not needed?)
- [ ] Support web cam blob detection (figure out drawing start/stop)
- [ ] Investigate WebRTC P2P comms (http://peerjs.com/ or https://github.com/share/ShareJS)
- [ ] Add P2P audio/video streaming
- [ ] Integrate $1 gesture recognizer
- [ ] Support offline work and then resync with oldest/most recent edit times on server and client
- [ ] Figure out what to do about lost move events that tell other clients drawing=false before next drawing=true
- [ ] Figure out what to do about missing touchRecords due to server lag and mouseup/touchend-acks that arrive after starting a new mousedown/touchstart

Commit message:

Moved to stylus and nib for css.

todo.md, after:

ToDo
----
- [x] Create a new paint session with it's own socket.io room
- [x] Broadcast move and draw events to room
- [x] Save server layer image data on draw events
- [x] Make move events volatile (lossy)
- [x] Join a second client to an existing paint session
- [x] Allow setting user nickname
- [x] Allow a user to be in multiple paint sessions at the same time (vs one per browser session)
- [x] Use pushstate or fragments(#) to make url sharable
- [x] Switch to loading client dependencies via Bower
- [x] Add color picker
- [x] Have server honor remote color selections
- [x] Support multi-touch (iPad)
- [b] Support SmartBoard multi-touch (blocked on WDK touch event bugs)
- [x] Support joining with QR registration
- [x] Move to stylus
- [ ] Add thickness selector
- [ ] Allow adding secondary layers
- [ ] Supprt image upload layer
- [ ] Support saving as image
- [ ] Support saving to database (preserving layers)
- [ ] Support attaching to Rally story as flattened image
- [ ] Support saving to google drive (like conceptboard.com)
- [ ] Fix page layout by moving to fixed initial size + expand buttons
	- [ ] Optimize canvas -> window position calculation)
- [*] Investigate OAuth login for users [implemented Rally, Google, GitHub and Facebook, but not wired in]
- [ ] Refactor to editors vs users concept (a single user can be multiple editors with different colors)
- [ ] Support avatar customization?  Gravatar?
- [ ] Display user presence in top corner like google docs
- [ ] Support Leap multi-touch
- [ ] Better support window resizing
- [ ] Rework to use optimistic drawing (draw immediately, don't wait on roundtrip)
- [ ]		Allow server to undo invalid edits somehow (maybe just forbid on client, monkeying just means it won't be saved?)
- [ ] Support a vector layer
- [ ] Support creating a library of templates (both page-level and component/stamp-level)
- [ ] Handle clean-up of disconnected users' layers?  Allow reattach?
- [ ] Add different interactions for different screen sizes
	- [ ] Maybe show rectangle of visible/editable area in this mode, 2-finger pan?
	- [ ] 3-finger pan for larger screens that would still want 2 finger multi-touch?
- [ ] Support windows 8 touch w/ pressure sensitivity
- [ ] Support Chromecast (https://developers.google.com/cast/)
- [ ] Support gamepad (http://www.gamepadjs.com/)
- [ ] Have browser windowClose fire disconnect (maybe not needed?)
- [ ] Support web cam blob detection (figure out drawing start/stop)
- [ ] Investigate WebRTC P2P comms (http://peerjs.com/ or https://github.com/share/ShareJS)
- [ ] Add P2P audio/video streaming
- [ ] Integrate $1 gesture recognizer
- [ ] Support offline work and then resync with oldest/most recent edit times on server and client
- [ ] Figure out what to do about lost move events that tell other clients drawing=false before next drawing=true
- [ ] Figure out what to do about missing touchRecords due to server lag and mouseup/touchend-acks that arrive after starting a new mousedown/touchstart
